so I'm Tim thanks for being here this is my second
atmosphere and I just drove up from Northern California it's been
great everybody including the organizers has really been fantastic this is a
short presentation of a hack I thought you might be interested
in it it's it's an unusual way that I use
at proto and maybe it would trigger some ideas for things that
you might want to do with it too so I'm a
software developer I recently left a corporate job to make something new
it's a lot to talk about so first I'm gonna
focus on a kind of a key problem that I had which
is how can I get feedback on early versions of my work
you might have heard of products that help with this I've
shown a couple on the slide oh I'm not showing yeah
we tested earlier and
it worked oh here no oh I probably
need to mirror my screens yeah yeah yeah
does that look better okay okay thanks yeah anyway
that was my title screen so I'm a software developer I
've actually spent most of my time coding for the last two
years and haven't really talked to people so I'm a
little awkward but I was talking about wanting ways to get feedback
on my work and there are these products that my friends have
told me about config cat launch darkly and I guess post
hog and these are all fine but I'm like just one
person I'm just a person with a laptop and to me
they seem like too much now you might ask why don
't I just open source it and I've actually done a
lot of open source over the years and as good as good
as good as it is it also has some downsides I
mean kind of the obvious thing is you might your code might
become used by one of your rivals it might be something that
they or their training their coding assistants use but really kind of
is that you might commit too soon to a set of features
that you regret later and even worse you might unexpectedly unexpectedly become
someone's critical dependency and that sounds far-fetched but
it actually happened to me I was an engineer at Google and
I had a project and kind of unknown to me it became
useful to Kubernetes and before I knew it it was a critical
dependency of kubectl the Kubernetes CLI and I
wasn't on the Kubernetes team and as I moved around in
Google none of my managers appreciated me spending any time taking care
of this project so it just became a tax on me like
a lot of open source projects do so what do you want
to do or do I want to do instead I'd like
to have a way to release early binaries and you know
this is independent of what I do eventually but in the beginning
I'd like to just give people binaries that they can
easily install but control who can use them so that I can
get feedback both directly and through analytics on how that's been
going and the way that I do this is that I just
might this is a server side component so I just publish do
cker binaries and I make all my builds require a license
key which is just a JWT and we all know about
JWTs the JWT identifies the user and says they have
a license to use this and then I add at proto sign-
in to my website and anyone can log in to my project
website with their blue sky or whatever at proto id and mint
their own license key but in order to decide who can mint
the license key now this is the hack instead of keeping a
list I just say that whoever my project account follows can mint
a license so if agent io follows you you're in the
beta so I really like this because it's
so simple and because I'm using at proto identities know like
I talk to enterprise companies that have their own like login with
this or that none of them can be mad that I'm
using one of their competitors to log in to my website so
I'm neutral and then I didn't even add a le
xicon it was just so easy I just have a dedicated
account for this and whoever it follows is in my beta and
then I get this thing that my friend marsh calls social proof
or social unproof if I'm not having users basically anyone
can see who my users are so they can see who else
is interested in the product and so that means it might not
be right for you so if you don't like exposing that
you might just want to keep a private list and like anything
it's breakable so if you're you know enough of
a hacker to break my licenses okay and then people
need at proto accounts and if people interested in my project don
't have one they have to get an app proto account which
is not a problem to any of us right so that's
my story this is just a list of things that I like
to talk about or I'm interested in hearing about so if
you see me around and just want to say hi talk about
any of those things or anything that's interesting to you that
's cool we don't have much time left but I'll
be here late today and I also how many minutes do I
have left give me a budget you got time okay I'm
going to take maybe five minutes this is what I'm building
this is what I call io io is a network proxy I
'm going to disconnect from it from a second so it's
actually running on a droplet on digital ocean and I can
ssh to it and when I do I get this terminal
ui and I can use the terminal ui to see
all the api traffic that io manages and so what I
'm showing are different kinds of traffic that it manages and I
want to just focus on this one on the right I call
it ingress these are the https terminations of my server
so each of these is under ingress this is a server
a service that you connect to with https this one repo works
is a pds that I'm writing and so now I
'm I just stepped down into it and I'm looking at
the traffic so somebody well here's my subscribe repos traffic
these are calls to get like lists of repos and I
can kind of drill into this and I can see the request
this is the headers and response headers the request and response headers
for this and I can see this is for debugging I can
see the request and response bodies and this is what I'm
returning so so that's you know for observation now here I
've got an implementation of the statusphere app and this status
phere app is actually also running on my proxy so if I
go back up I've got this statusphere dot babu
dot dev I want to sign into this statusphere app this
I should probably say is not the original statusphere app this
is one that I modified to take advantage of my proxy and
I'm going to mention here I'm going to use an
identity on my new pds that I'm working on and
you can see it's being developed by my fancy login screen
and my very fancy confirmation screen and so now
I'm in so my user is just named alpha user and
I'm going to set its status to what do we like
well I like that so so it's a butterfly so I
mean this is the statusphere app we all know this right
so I come back and see what's going on in my
proxy so we can look at the pds and these are
the calls that were made to my pds so I can
see down here sign in the original like par request that we
could look into that so this is the par request that's
the par request message that was sent by my app that's
the request that's the response body of the par request okay
and all the other traffic and meanwhile I can also go over
to the statusphere app and see its traffic which includes the
callback and the other messages that it sends so oh am
I looking at the right one okay so anyway this is IO
it's a tool for building services and observing them as they
run I'm doing a kind of open beta now so if
you connect with me I'll give you a license and I
'd love to hear what you think thanks hey thank you very
much Tim we're going to have a